what's the biggest thing that hasn't
happened that you want to happen so much
we want to meet the new Prime Minister
of Canada
we want to meet Prime Minister Trudeau
you'd love to be Justin Trudeau
everybody's listening
Justin we want to meet you he'll hear
about it we've had a big year on this
channel so we wanted to end it by going
after one of our most ambitious goals so
far by somehow getting the new Prime
Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau to
pose and be part of our end of the year
holiday card and if you don't know who
this man is
here's a glimpse of what he stands for
your man you said looks a lot like
Canada I understand one of the
priorities for you was to have a cabinet
that was gender balanced why was that so
important to you because it's 2015 and
as always our journey to reach someone
unreachable starts with an email a tweet
and a phone call one five one nine nine
for their service their works with a
little buddy there is not just a trigger
good just introduced office the key to
meeting anyone is persistence and we're
very persistent I'm just wondering if
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is going
was going to be in office tomorrow if
he's there let's just show up we just
have to know that he's there in Toronto
and then like okay well this was
supposed to 28 28 minutes ago it says
p.m. true to visit toy mountain drive
it's in Toronto and it's tonight so is
he gonna be not alone at Ottawa's
National Arts Center on Wednesday
December 16 the prime minister is gonna
be in Ottawa in two days when you were
he was going to be the following day and
since no one was answering our phone
calls we just decided to take our car
and head straight for the Capitol
I was where in Ottawa for a special
mission I guess we're trying to get a
hold of Justin Trudeau and I know how
crazy this is probably gonna sound after
realizing that these phone calls
wouldn't get us anywhere
we decided to just go have a look at the
Canadian Parliament the night before he
would hold his Q&A with the Maclean's
Town Hall
[Music]
Christmas card for the ages this is like
this is Christmas card Oh through from
five different countries and Bhalla do
ya oh this TV's already racked up the
hell are we gonna get past this
dude we should sleep on know where she
gets keeping bags right now and sleep on
top of the trucks it's the worst idea
our only plan for the big day was just
to show up at the National Art Center
and try to convince his staff to let us
talk to him but first we needed a way to
grab their attention infiltrate so just
the tourists coming here today right yes
at 2 grand would we pick up so you're
here for the event yeah a quick test you
can go to the four stage directly I
would have you speak with some of the
Prime Minister's office we have to try
to control our event but I'll mention
you guys to the prime minister stuff
funny you chose on my colleagues shows
are about going up people
or things that scare you let's see the
passports everybody else not so right
now we're waiting for some ones from
them from the Prime Minister's Office to
Palace you can do it or not
do you stick around in place long enough
and look ridiculous people just go
outside yeah you don't have to do it
I'll tell the RCMP okay all right the
four guys is really bright sweater are
cool no you can't see it but there's
Justin Trudeau right there he's right
there it's two o'clock right now and we
will be taking a photo with Justin
Trudeau at 3:00 so we just play
hopefully taking the photo yeah it's
borderline suicide so it's gonna be
crazy
Oh Justin Trudeau it's a pleasure it's
not my apartment no it's 2:40 let's go
let's go baby
t-minus 10 minutes
we're ready it's canceled oh that's it
oh yeah that's come up you can drop the
sweater guys so regret not wearing my
dick like an awkward family s the wear
this ring cannot thank great stuff
around diversity I have a special
magical dictionary would you like to
just like each other while we hello
everyone and Happy Holidays
we actually printed those cards and are
selling them for $5 a piece following
the footsteps of the prime minister
himself are going to be donating 100
percent of the profits to the syrian
refugee Relief Fund which will help
Syrian refugees settle in Canada you can
click on the link at the top of the
description to get yours and help us
raise as much money as possible thank
you and again happy holidays
Oh
watch out the Prime Minister's watch out
the Queen cuz I will set you to again ed
psych